# AI Wild

- The media must be fully generated by an AI tool via prompts, without any post-processing or resizing.

- The media can be anything that can be shown on the screen; it may include just a picture but is not limited to that. Audio, video, and combinations are allowed as long as they are generated by AI without human intervention.

- AI upscaling is allowed as part of the generating process, as long as it happens automatically and does not require human intervention.

- No starting media may be used – no white noise, no AI-generated pictures, nothing.

- No inpainting or outpainting on the image is allowed.

- The media must be previously unpublished before the competition.

- You may participate with one entry only.

- You must submit clear evidence of the process of creating the media in the form of at least some versions (an appropriate amount depending on the process and tool) of the unfinished media that demonstrate the creation process:

    - Create a folder with the title of the art piece (mytitle)

    - Place the art piece into the folder, in the format it came out of the AI tool. Do not remove any metadata from the file. Name it the same as the folder.

    - Place information about the system used (e.g., ComfyUI), model checkpoint, LoRA, LyCORIS, and any plugins used into a text file called “system_info.txt” (mytitle/system_info.txt)
    
    - Create another folder inside this folder called “process” (mytitle/process)

    - Place the prompt for the art into the process folder in a text file called “prompt.txt” (mytitle/process/prompt.txt)

    - Place screenshots or screen capture videos you have taken during the creation into the process folder.

    - Finally, compress the first folder (mytitle) into a zip file with the same title as before, so it becomes mytitle.zip, so you may submit it as a single file.